SG-35069 - Rebranding - Change all the shotgrid/shotgun occurrences in the repository (#11)
shotgunsoftware/tk-multi-starterapp: README.md

Reviewer: Please remove the Python 2.7 badge. You can copy this line from tk-core.

> [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.11%20%7C%203.10%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/)

Reviewer 2: well, the problem is we don't know ... we need to test.

- the `master` branch contains a standard multi app which runs in all engines.
- the `shotgun_multi_select` branch shows how to get started if you want to create

>   a *shotgun specific* app where you can select multiple objects in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a *toolkit specific* app where you can select multiple objects in
```

I'm not sure about this. @julien-lang what do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think it should be:
```suggestion
  a *Flow Production Tracking Toolkit specific* app where you can select multiple objects in
```
